I'll do what you asked.
I'll lead you to St. George.
I suggest we remove you. ma'am.
No.
This place won't survive without you.
Then I built it wrong.
What happened?
This whole time you... you knew?
We don't have time for this.
It's adrenaline.
It'll give you another few hours.
But only take it if you're seizing.
The dose is strong enough
to induce a heart attack.
Have we figured out
how Victor simonek is connected to this?
He's been entertaining
Alexander's parents since lunch.
I did my part. My parents better be safe.
You're not St. George!
Kill hale and the parents!
Doctor kasperian?
Mark. From kevnik.
I have the samples you requested.
You're...
Not what I expected.
It's impossible to track these pills
back to him or any of them.
If this goes wrong. it's on us.
We'd either end up in jail or dead.
And for me. it's not about money.
There's no amount worth the risk.
So...
What'd they catch you doin'?
- Me. I was upstate. I was...
- Stop.
We are not the same.
I don't live in fear
that my bad deeds will catch up to me.
You bought into the ideology.
Anything I do...
Guarantees that no one
experiences what I have.
Ever again.
But you didn't expect
to have to go this far.
To hurt someone close to you.
Are you really gonna go through with it?
Thanks for coming. Mark from kevnik.
Be sure to leave your card at reception.
So we know where to find you.
Something's changed.
I just have this terrible feeling
like I'm gonna miss something big.
Keep watching Alexander.
If he's not on board. we call it.
I'd like to meet him.
It's an honor to meet you. ma'am.
This used to be a sort of a classroom
where we taught our
operatives to resist interrogation.
We taught them to
survive as long as possible
by distancing from the truth.
That the battle was in their own minds.
That no interrogator
can take what you have
not already decided to give.
I think you can relate to this.
It can't be easy knowing
your eyes and ears are hacked.
No. ma'am.
They tell me you have
a conscience problem.
That it gets in the way of orders.
Why'd you save the child?
In your Copenhagen test.
You saved the boy.
Not the woman. Why?
Because he was in greater danger.
You knew the American
citizen was the priority.
Yes. but she had a shot at
getting on the next chopper.
And he was already in your arms.
Putting him down...
Feels a more deliberate evil
than just turning your back. doesn't it?
The oss designed the Copenhagen test
right after the war.
They needed to know
that our operatives would follow an order
no matter what their conscience said.
That loyalty to our country
superseded any other human concern.
They designed the test as a binary.
Pick one or the other.
But I think the real question is.
why didn't you save them both?
- I couldn't.
- Yes. you could.
You could've given up your seat.
If I had missed that helicopter.
I would've had to stay hidden
until they came back to get me.
And if I was captured. I'd be used as
- a bargaining chip against us.
- No.
That's a good
rationalization after the fact.
It's not what you were thinking
in the moment. though. was it?
I was thinking about my team.
Returning to a combat zone
without the element of surprise.
I could've gotten them all
killed over a rescue mission.
That's a concern. I'm sure.
It's not the whole answer.
With respect. ma'am.
you don't know what I was thinking.
Do you?
I've replayed this in my
mind a thousand times.
I made the choice that
saved the most lives.
The choice that saved the most lives
in a hypothetical.
Whereas you had two
civilians in front of you
who needed help.
And you were the only one of the three
with a chance of getting out alive.
I made a split-second decision...
and it bothered you
beyond words for years.
It was the tipping point that
started your panic attacks.
It was the thing you couldn't shake.
Because deep down you
know there was another way.
You can intellectualize every angle of it.
but your body is not convinced.
You made a choice
that part of you hates.
I think. while you were bending the rules.
you didn't give up your seat
because you knew your
commanders didn't want you to.
You were still following orders.
There's a flaw in the test.
It's a binary. Us or them.
The real world is far more complex.
They tell me your problem
is following your conscience.
I think your real problem is
you haven't gone far enough.
We don't know what our enemy is after.
But you weren't chosen at random.
At some point. you'll be approached.
Possibly to be turned against us.
No matter what they say.
no matter what we say.
no matter what the orders are...
Let's see where your
compass takes you.
Watch him very. very closely.
and if you see evidence that
he is colluding with the enemy.
be prepared to give the kill order.
Verbal confirmation of the conditions
of the kill order. please.
Conditions understood.
Do you really think he flipped?
I think...
Nothing makes sense.
None of the puzzle
pieces are fitting together.
It's like... I can't see the picture yet.
I'm gonna pop in and say hi to Victor.
- Really? I...
- yeah.
You didn't even touch your food.
Your food's gonna get cold.
- It's okay.
- It's three bites!
Do we have the kitchen?
I'll be right back.
No. They found the wires.
All right. move the team around back
in case he tries to run.
What is he doing?
Lunch okay? How was your trip?
Got in late last night.
Come. help me with the flour.
Health inspectors. yeah. they...
they came here
yesterday. unscheduled...
I think they're looking into me again.
Paris trip didn't go as planned.
I've never asked you for
anything like this before.
but I think I need to speak
to St. George. Directly.
I need to explain this to her.
Thank you.
Always.
I'll do what you ask.
As soon as Victor comes through.
I'll lead you to St. George.
What do we do?
She's here.
She's okay.
I'm not done until you're done.
I will find him and end this.
But there's something you should know.
I told him his apartment was bugged.
Morse code.
I had to give him something
to make it seem like I was on his side
to get him to trust me.
That was a good idea. Thank you.
I've got a place for you to go.
I'll text you an address.
Keep me alive out there.
We found him. A cabin
that belongs to Rachel.
- We're closing in.
- I'm coming.
Why would he say that out loud?
They're still there.
Five minutes out from cabin.
When Alexander said "I
love you" to his parents.
it wasn't in mandarin. What was it?
Hakka.
Yeah.
We would speak mandarin
if it was just us in the house.
unless my dad was mad at me.
If I was really in trouble.
he'd speak hakka.
But if there were guests in the house.
or. we were in public.
or even just on the
phone. it was always...
- pull up the restaurant.
- When Alexander left.
Parker. we're at the cabin in two.
I need to see the mom's face.
Please!
I know. mom. I know.
- Just stay here. okay?
- Okay.
- My god.
- What?
What? What is it?
Ma'am.
Hi. Sorry.
He's not flipped!
When he said the thing to schiff.
he knew the apartment was
bugged. Michelle told him.
- Why would he say it out loud?
- Exactly!
Why wouldn't he just write
it down for schiff to see?
Because schiff didn't
know that we were listening!
Alexander was giving us the plan
so that we could prepare.
And in his Poseidon interview.
he said that his dad
only ever used hakka
when he was really in trouble.
And we he said goodbye to them.
he didn't use mandarin.
He used hakka.
He was telling them
to stay and listen to him
because he was in trouble.
Alexander's been trying to tell us
that he's not flipped!
But he can't let schiff
know what he's doing! He's...
he's throwing us a hail
Mary! We have to trust him.
Wouldn't it be lovely if she were right?
And if you're wrong?
I'll kill him myself.
In position.
- Locking on target.
- Wait!
- Hold!
- Miss the shot!
Make it look like we're still hunting him.
but we want him to get away.
Roger that. Missing the shot.
Okay.
Follow him. Let's... let's
figure out where he's going.
And I'm gonna need a St. George.
What?
Where are we going?
Just need to get out of
the house for a little bit.
What is this place?
Somewhere safe.
"These halls are dedicated
to a fragile idea that needs protecting."
That's lovely. Who said that?
A very. very smart woman.
Did we build all this?
Yes. my love.
- St.
- We did.
Not too shabby.
Osiris approaching.
Closer. I wanna see his
face when he opens the door.
Hello. miss St. George.
I'm sorry to disturb
you. especially so late.
We're on.
Osiris is leaving.
We'll catch up to him. Focus on schiff.
Infill on my Mark.
He's headed to the restaurant.
Warn Michelle.
It's coming.
The neck?
The fucking neck?
I'm sorry. should I have saved your life
in a less painful way?
What the hell are you doing here?
Long story.
There's a handgun in the console.
There's two guys
coming with assault rifles.
Do you know how to use that thing?
Yeah. I took a course.
We gotta move. They're
going after my parents.
Here.
What was in that?
Adrenaline.
And other drugs that prevent seizures.
From Cassandra ru-two-five-eight?
Stay down! We...
I think the adrenaline kicked in.
Let's take the car. come on.
We gotta get to the restaurant.
You ready?
- More coming in!
- This way.
More. Circle in!
Wait! Go! This way!
Move! In here!
I'm out.
Sideboard! Button. back left.
Hi.
I'm out!
Yeah.
Shit.
What're you doin'?
Are you kidding me?
It's like a mile away!
Yeah. keep up.
Hale!
My god.
Nice shot. Come on.
What the fuck is this place?
It's my contingency.
Once in the game. always in the game.
You're telling me.
And. who are you?
That's Alexander's girlfriend.
He didn't tell us he was seeing anybody.
- You're pretty.
- Well. thank you.
but ex-girlfriend. He broke up with me.
- Yeah?
- What'd you do?
D-Don't listen to her.
We don't really need
to know what you did.
Tear gas.
Let's move!
Okay. behind the bar!
Down. down!
Get them out of here!
Right. take your shot!
Move!
Watch your back!
Kitchen. go!
Go. go!
Not back!
Behind!
Is it over?
Wait. wait. wait! I'm with him.
I've never seen that
man before in my life.
He's kidding.
Tell her you're kidding!
Hey. mom.
Orphanage incoming.
Tag team. on me. Let's go.
- Copy.
- When you're ready.
- Yeah. clear.
- All good!
We got 'em. They're all safe.
Okay. we need containment there now.
Use FBI skins. Then
we need to get osiris
into processing for a debrief with... for...
Are you okay? Are you hurt?
No... no. we're fine.
- Absolutely no one in or out.
- The bureau is handling this.
We need to see inside
and take photos for our investigation.
Excuse me. Have you heard of
federal statute
one-one-seven-dot-four-three?
We have court-ordered
jurisdiction here...
Your ex-girlfriend seems nice.
Too skinny.
You're gonna have to go away for a bit.
I can't know where.
Just in case.
Listen.
this whole thing happened because I...
hey... that's o... that's okay. It's okay.
You don't have to say anything.
We understand.
We know everything we
need to know about you.
It's time.
It's okay.
Hi.
Hey.
How're you feeling?
Been better.
I gotcha.
We think the worst is past.
We were able to slow down
the electrical processes in your brain.
And then. everything normalized.
Whoever upgraded
this technology. they...
they found a way to bypass
the worst of the symbiosis.
It gave you a fighting chance.
The good news is. it's stable.
And you're gonna live a very long time.
And I'm gonna be here for a bit.
Just for a little while.
Until the feed's contained.
How would you feel about serving
as assistant director of operations?
I'd feel like...
You were making a mistake.
No offense. But there have to
be more impressive resumes.
Many people in this
building would agree with that.
We've been running
the intelligence services
for the better part of eight decades
assuming that our
conscience must be silent.
I would like in my more hopeful moments
to believe there's another way.
Maybe you could find it.
Fertilizer every six months.
and because it doesn't
get as much rain as I'd like.
I water it every two
weeks. just a good soak.
Someday.
When it's time.
So. mission's really over?
Just when I got to know Michelle.
So.
what are you gonna do next?
I got a promotion.
You deserve it.
And the first thing I did with my new...
Impressive power was...
Ask for a restricted personnel file.
And I had it incinerated.
All back-ups too.
Is that the truth?
Yeah.
Did you...
didn't wanna know.
It's gone.
Forever.
Thank you.
You deserve it.
So...
Who do you wanna be?
Disconnect the mirror.
Put your hands up!
Move to the back! Now!
Move to the back! Face the wall!
Against the wall. now! You. drop it!
Let's go! Hands up!
Clear!
Thanks. buddy.
The operation that hacked
you has been shuttered.
We dismantled schiff's
monitoring station.
confiscated his drives.
and since Rachel's cabin was destroyed.
we confirmed they didn't
send it anywhere else.
- It's over.
- But I'm still...
Broadcasting through my head. right?
Yeah. It's permanent.
But you can go back to normal life.
How can you be so sure?
Come on. hale.
There is no "sure."
But I'm a fan of stacking
the deck in our favor.
Now that we're not keeping
up appearances for schiff.
Frances took the
opportunity while you were...
Unconscious
to install a governor.
But you can go back to full broadcast.
Press the side button on the watch
to turn it on or off.
Green means you're broadcasting.
red means you're not.
You wanna keep the hack open.
That depends. On
what you wanna do next.
Take your time.
But if you're not done
with clandestine work.
there's still some fun we could have.
Let me know what you decide.
I need you to send a
message to someone for me.
Whoever figured out I
wasn't flipped. Whoever...
whoever came up with the
plan with fake St. George.
Just tell 'em I say thank you.
Tell her yourself.
Hi.
Thank you for saving my life.
Again.
You have no idea.
Probably not.
But my parents are alive because of you.
No.
You did that.
It was an impossible choice.
Parents or the orphanage.
But you finally found a way to save both.
By not doing it alone.
Good job with Michelle. That was...
that was perfect.
I know.
Until she stabbed me.
Good thing she didn't kill you.
You know. I'd say see you around. but...
I feel like it'd be safer for you
if I didn't know what you looked like.
Yeah.
It's better this way.
A well-written report that
no one asked you to write.
That's a specialty of mine.
How'd you figure out about the hack?
You wanted me to.
You asked me the
question that prompted it:
Why did he save me?
If I was wrong
about the kind of
person that Alexander is.
what else might I have missed?
I started with experimental
surveillance files.
Looking for any way that he
may have been compromised.
And then I realized just how far
you all were willing to go to win.
As far as committing treason.
And maybe. just maybe...
Far enough to keep the hack open.
Even after Henry or schiff was gone.
Your point?
I want in.
And why in the name of our holy lord
would we want someone
who betrayed confidential information
to the CIA and then
almost got our asset killed
to join the team?
I don't know. But you do.
Because we're meeting here.
This is where we talk to field assets.
You didn't want anyone to know
that you were speaking with me.
Because to the world.
I'm a disgraced former
orphanage refugee.
They see me as someone
with insider knowledge
and a grudge.
Definitely not someone still
working for the orphanage...
Undercover.
We can use that.
Yes. we can.
Now arriving. Metro center.
Doors will open on the right.
Hey.
You good?
You?
Yeah.
Thanks for looking after my folks.
Of course.
Your mom's a lot.
Yeah.
- You movin' on?
- I'm done.
Going to go live a normal life...
Out there... Somewhere.
Good.
So. what's your new name gonna be?
Forget I asked.
When you're finally done with the life...
Come find me.
I thought we should finally
meet after all this time.
Have a little chat.
So. this is all I got.
Yeah. Wh...
yeah. that's fine.
- So. when you went upstairs...
- I didn't know yet.
So. what'd you do when you realized?
How'd you not give it away?
I used the incinerator to cover the sound
of me writing a note without looking at it.
It's really...
Irritating.
how easily all this comes to you.
Listen...
I'm sorry.
About the whole turning
you over to the agency stuff.
You were just doin' your job.
They could've brought you in on it.
No. if I were them. I
wouldn't've told me either.
I owe you an apology.
However inadequate that might seem.
I left you in Berlin
because it was more convenient for me.
If I had it all to do again.
I'd make a different choice.
No.
It'd play out in the same
manner again and again.
Because for all your illusion of control.
you're just one person.
A stone in the river.
The system. the apparatus
won't allow you to be
any different than you are.
Now who's diminishing how
much a single individual can matter?
Touché.
Go home. Parker.
Something doesn't fit.
- My god.
- I'm serious.
Your brain will have a hard time letting go
when it's actually over.
It can drive you crazy.
Get some rest.
Run it through with me. One last time.
I doubt if an apology is why I'm here.
Have you figured it all out yet?
Of course you have.
That's why I'm not currently handcuffed.
Because you know you need my help.
Wait. so. making the
new version of Cassandra.
finding the right candidate.
infiltrating their life. hacking them...
It... that... that would take years.
And then once the hack is active.
they're just selling off
intel to whoever will buy it.
Doing it that way means
that we would find the mole
within a matter of months.
You exploited the hack.
But you're not the one who did it
in the first place. are you?
Schiff wasn't trying to
protect him. but why not?
Alexander was an
investment years in the making.
You discovered it was happening
and then found your own
backdoor into the signal.
That's very good.
I thought I'd have to explain all this
in order to barter for my life.
but this is much more efficient.
I've been meaning to ask.
how did you find me that night?
I was following you since the carousel.
Keeping my distance.
But how'd you know
where I was gonna be?
Dumb luck.
I was actually tailing
someone else at first.
The signal was going in two directions.
We thought it was just covering the trail.
Who was it?
Wh... look who it is.
I thought you were going out tonight?
Wasn't feeling well.
What... what is it? What's wrong?
Cobb was watching you that night.
You were the only connection
to me that he knew about.
He saw you make a call.
He couldn't make out much.
but he heard the words "carousel"
and "he's injured."
You were calling for someone
to give me medical treatment.
Has Rachel been working
with you the whole time?
Did you hack me. Victor?
- Well. whatever...
- did you hack me?
- Yeah. But...
- I trusted you.
Yeah. I... I trust you
more than anybody else in the world.
But this is bigger than you.
Or me. And I need you to...
this wasn't just to get eyes
inside the orphanage. was it?
You know. you never
cease to impress me.
Okay.
You...
Were always just a little too talented
to stay stuck in the
downstairs for very long.
So. we just had to make sure
that wherever you ended up.
it was gonna be somewhere
where we needed you to be.
"We?"
So. who are you working with?
You ordered the Copenhagen test.
Yes.
I had to prove you were worthy.
And if you will just come with me.
I will show you everything.
All right. it's not much further.
Listen. Alexander. you
remember the first thing
I ever taught you about intelligence?
Always assume you're only seeing
one small piece of the puzzle.
And so...
We had to have more than one.
That particular asset
is the only one like you.
He knows we can see what he can see.
Why are you watching Michelle?
Well. we have to.
She's a loose end.
Don't... don't... don't look so alarmed.
For people like us. Alexander...
it's never done.